Chore(m-agent): Add initial version of litmus m-agent (#1)
litmuschaos/m-agent: README.md

# m-agent

> Machine Agent aka. m-agent is a lightweight, platform-generic daemon agent that can remotely inject faults into Guest-OS scoped resources, as part of the Litmus Chaos Experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Machine Agent a.k.a m-agent is a lightweight, platform-generic daemon agent that can remotely inject faults into Guest-OS scoped resources, as part of the Litmus Chaos Experiments.
```

> Machine Agent a.k.a. m-agent is a lightweight, platform-generic daemon agent that can remotely inject faults into Guest-OS scoped resources, as part of the Litmus Chaos Experiments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Machine Agent a.k.a. m-agent is a lightweight, platform-generic daemon agent that can remotely inject faults into an OS scoped resources, as part of the LitmusChaos Experiments.
```

Author: I will suggest machine scoped resources since we will be also injecting failure into a disk, network, etc. which although are managed by the os but can't be termed as OS resources.

# Requirements
- Linux OS [Tested on Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL, and SUSE Linux]
- Systemd

# Installation

> To install m-agent in your target machine, you can use the following commands in your target machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install m-agent in your target machine, you can run the following commands in the target machine:
```

> ```
> $ curl -fsSL -o get_m-agent.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/m-agent/master/scripts/install.sh
> $ chmod 700 get_m-agent.sh
> $ ./get_m-agent.sh
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\```bash
$ curl -fsSL -o get_m-agent.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/m-agent/master/scripts/install.sh
$ chmod 700 get_m-agent.sh
$ ./get_m-agent.sh
\```
OR
\```bash
bash <(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/m-agent/master/scripts/install.sh)
\```
```

Pls ignore `\` in the comment

Author: This one-liner command will prompt the user for the password in between the installation as it doesn't have sudo access. It won't be convenient for the users, perhaps?

# Usage
```
Usage: m-agent [options]

options:
  -get-token
    	generates a token to be used for the authentication of the requests made to the agent
  -token-expiry-duration string
    	token expiry duration (non-interactive mode)
```

> Upon installing m-agent, you can use it to generate a token for your Chaos Experiment. This step will require you to specify an expiry duration for your agent. The tokens are valid through a minimal duration of 1 minute to a maximal duration of 30 days. The token can be generated in two modes:

Reviewer: `expiry duration for your agent` - for the agent or for the token?

> Upon installing m-agent, you can use it to generate a token for your Chaos Experiment. This step will require you to specify an expiry duration for your agent. The tokens are valid through a minimal duration of 1 minute to a maximal duration of 30 days. The token can be generated in two modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon installing m-agent, you can use it to generate a token for your Chaos Experiment. This step will require you to specify an expiry duration for your agent. The tokens are valid for a minimum duration of 1 minute to a maximum duration of 30 days. The token can be generated in two modes:
```

1. Interactive Mode
2. Non-Interactive Mode

> To generate the token in an interactive mode, use the `-get-token` boolean flag, which will allow you to prompt your expiry duration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the token in an interactive mode, use the `-get-token` boolean flag, which will prompt you to enter the expiry duration:
```

For minutes, the corresponding value must lie in between 1 and 60, inclusively. For hours, the corresponding value must lie in the range of 1 to 24, inclusively. Lastly, for days, the corresponding value must lie between 1 to 30, inclusively.

As an instance, to create a token with a validity of 30 minutes, one can use the following command:
```
m-agent -get-token -token-expiry-duration 30m
```

Similarly, a token valid for 15 days from the time of creation can be specified as:
```
m-agent -get-token -token-expiry-duration 15D
```

# Uninstallation
If you wish to uninstall m-agent, you can execute the following commands in the target machine:
```
$ curl -fsSL -o remove_m-agent.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/m-agent/master/scripts/uninstall.sh
$ chmod 700 remove_m-agent.sh
$ ./remove_m-agent.sh

> ```

Reviewer 2: same as install we can provide one-liner for uninstall

Author: This one-liner command will prompt the user for the password in between the installation as it doesn't have sudo access. It won't be convenient for the users, perhaps?
